Details
Responsibilities:

You will be working in a fast-paced and agile work culture delivering technology products that have an immediate business impact.
Be responsible for end-to-end development and maintenance of the features and products, including communication with frontend, DevOps and QA teams.
Proactively identify technical initiatives that help us in strengthening the scalability, security, and maintainability of our technology infrastructure.
Write highly scalable and maintainable code while keeping agility in mind.
Embrace and drive the future of development by integrating AI-powered tools and workflows into your daily engineering practices, fostering innovation and efficiency.
Requirements:

1 years of Core software engineering experience in a product startup.
Hands-on development experience with at least 2 programming languages, including dynamically typed and object-oriented languages, preferably Ruby and JAVA.
Working experience with web development frameworks, preferably Ruby on Rails and SpringBoot.
Working experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and advanced concepts.
Experience working on scalable systems to handle billions of requests is an additional factor which can distinguish you from other candidates.
Ability to write code/APIs with DRY/KISS and SOLID principles in mind.
Experience in writing unit integration tests with good code coverage.
Hands-on experience in designing and working with microservices.
A proactive approach to leveraging AI in software development, with an eagerness to explore and implement AI-assisted workflows for enhanced productivity and problem-solving.
Perks:

An extensive medical insurance that looks out for our employees & their dependents. We’ll love you and take care of you, our promise.
Flobiz Academy: Helps you in terms of Learning and enhancing your skills.
Competitive salary.
A reward system that celebrates hard work and milestones and Performances throughout the year.
A cool office to make you feel at home. An environment so good that you won't miss your home.